>> Brian Holt: So
let's try flush operation.
Flush operation.
This is gonna take in the int
buffer that we got from above,
which is called the same thing for
continuity.
And then we're just gonna ask
a bunch of questions here.
We're just gonna say,
if previous operator ===+.
Again, you could do this with
a switch statement as well.
I'm just gonna stick to if and
else if, that's what my notes say.
Then I'm gonna say
runningTotal += intBuffer.
>> Brian Holt: It makes sense.
If this press +, then they want it to add.
>> Brian Holt: And let's just,
I'm gonna copy and
paste this a couple of times so else if.
>> Brian Holt: Or
we can just write it out.
Else if previous operator ===-.
Then running total, -=.
Or you can say = running total- that.
But I'm just gonna use -=, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Could we use
the switch statement here?
>> Brian Holt: Absolutely.
Yep, I'll stiff
previous operator,
=== and times running
total times =.
Again, that asterisk is
how you do multiplication.
Into total.
Or not buffer, better.
Otherwise else running total
/= which is /= and puffer.
Okay so this is working.
>> Brian Holt: I notice that it is doing
in the correct addition down here like
what we would expect.
Times by 5.
>> Brian Holt: Let's go one step further
up here to the handle symbol and
see what symbols coming in here.
[SOUND] So as you can see here,
I use console.log
everywhere.
Okay, so I'm gonna say.
>> Brian Holt: So it looks like
JavaScript is converting these for me.
So what we don't want is actually and
times here,
we actually do want the the symbol here.
>> Brian Holt: So if you're using a Mac,
that's control command space,
brings up this little guy.
And you can do multiplication.
And it's this one right here that we want,
multiplication sign.
So here my HTML,
I have like the divide and LIRR.
I'm just going to right click on this one,
the multiplication is
the Inspect Element right there.
That's universal across Chrome and
Firefox and all that.
Okay, inspect element.
Now, you can see this is
highlighted here in my HTML editor.
Just double click on it and I'll let
you actually edit what's in that HTML.
I'm just going to copy it, control copy.
And then I'm going to go over
to my JavaScript here, and
paste that into the places that
I had the end times semi colon.
You're gonna have to do that with if you
have the minus there as well, you can have
to do that with minus if you have it
there with addition, so on and so forth.
You have to do the HTML as well.
No don't don't do it in the HTML.
How would the function look at those a
switch like where would previous operator
ago It would look like
switch previous operator.
Case, plus running total
plus equals into buffer.
>> Brian Holt: Break,
case- so on and so forth.
Does that answer your question?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, it does.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
>> Brian Holt: Probably a bit
cleaner to do it that way, but
either one of these works.
>> Brian Holt: So
now hopefully if we go in here to console.
>> Brian Holt: Tell it bigger here.
So refresh, I would say 5.
>> Brian Holt: Make this a bit smaller,
-2 +,
so that's correct, 6.
If I hit multiplication,
I'm gonna expect to see.
>> Brian Holt: 9-, okay so yeah,
that seems like it's working, okay.
>> Speaker 2: Does it
show up on your screen?
>> Brian Holt: We haven't
written to the screen yet.
We have not written it to the screen yet.
So you should not be seeing that yet.
So I'm going to get rid
of these console logs,
cuz now the stuff works
the way that I want it to.
You can leave them in there, but
in general you don't want to
ship code to have console logs.
It's just kind of a messy thing to do.
>> Brian Holt: It should be for
debugging purposes, and
then you should get rid of it.